README.md, before:

# Hello, thanks for popping in 👋

I'm a developer with over 10 years experience.

Take a look at my most recent demo project below it's a compponent system with AWS infra. Alternativly if you'd like to get in touch you can [message me directly from my site](https://work.gotpop.io/contact).

## Demo Project: Component System

<details open>
<summary><strong>View Technical Details</strong></summary>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://a.storyblok.com/f/287776322113402/675x661/5d49e34351/architecture.png" alt="System Architecture" />
</div>

### Architecture Overview

The platform consists of interconnected repositories sharing a common design system:

- **Monorepo Design System** - Centralized component library published to GitHub Packages
- **Content Sites** - Two Next.js applications consuming the shared components
- **Cloud Services** - AWS Lambda functions for email and serverless functionality

### Live Projects

| Project | URL | Purpose |
|---------|-----|---------|
| Blog | [gotpop.io](https://gotpop.io) | Personal blog with Storyblok CMS |
| Portfolio | [work.gotpop.io](https://work.gotpop.io) | Professional work showcase |
| Storybook | [storybook.gotpop.io](https://storybook.gotpop.io) | Component documentation |

### Technical Stack

| Category | Technology |
|----------|------------|
| **Frontend** | Next.js 16, TypeScript, React Server Components |
| **CMS** | Storyblok with multi-tenant content structure |
| **Design System** | Turbo monorepo with published component packages |
| **Infrastructure** | AWS (EC2, Lambda, SES), Docker containerization |
| **CI/CD** | GitHub Actions with automated deployment pipelines |


</details>

Commit message:

Update project description in README.md

README.md, after:

# Hello, thanks for popping in 👋

I'm a developer with over 10 years experience.

Take a look at my most recent demo project below it's a compponent system with AWS infra. Alternativly if you'd like to get in touch you can [message me directly from my site](https://work.gotpop.io/contact).

## Demo Project: Component System

<details open>
<summary><strong>View Technical Details</strong></summary>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://a.storyblok.com/f/287776322113402/675x661/5d49e34351/architecture.png" alt="System Architecture" />
</div>

### Architecture Overview

This project consists of muliple repos sharing a common component system:

- **Monorepo Design System** - Centralized component library published to GitHub Packages
- **Content Sites** - Two Next.js applications consuming the shared components
- **Cloud Services** - AWS Lambda functions for email and serverless functionality

### Live Projects

| Project | URL | Purpose |
|---------|-----|---------|
| Blog | [gotpop.io](https://gotpop.io) | Personal blog with Storyblok CMS |
| Portfolio | [work.gotpop.io](https://work.gotpop.io) | Professional work showcase |
| Storybook | [storybook.gotpop.io](https://storybook.gotpop.io) | Component documentation |

### Technical Stack

| Category | Technology |
|----------|------------|
| **Frontend** | Next.js 16, TypeScript, React Server Components |
| **CMS** | Storyblok with multi-tenant content structure |
| **Design System** | Turbo monorepo with published component packages |
| **Infrastructure** | AWS (EC2, Lambda, SES), Docker containerization |
| **CI/CD** | GitHub Actions with automated deployment pipelines |


</details>
